
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="switch_between_php_versions_in_mac_with_homebrew_sphp">Switch between PHP versions in Mac with Homebrew &amp; sphp</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Many times I found me in the scenario where I need to use different versions for PHP at the same time for different projects. So here is a tiny guide of how to do this in the easy way.
</p>

<p>
First install different versions for php using Homebrew (If you haven’t installed Homebrew, just follow the at <a href="https://brew.sh/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://brew.sh/" rel="ugc nofollow noopener">https://brew.sh/</a>), to install this use:
</p>
<pre class="code">brew install php@7.1
brew install php@7.2
brew install php@7.3
brew install php@7.4</pre>

<p>
Now you have to install sphp, you can do this with this script:
</p>

<p>
<code>curl -L <a href="https://gist.githubusercontent.com/rhukster/f4c04f1bf59e0b74e335ee5d186a98e2/raw" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://gist.githubusercontent.com/rhukster/f4c04f1bf59e0b74e335ee5d186a98e2/raw" rel="ugc nofollow noopener">https://gist.githubusercontent.com/rhukster/f4c04f1bf59e0b74e335ee5d186a98e2/raw</a> &gt; /usr/local/bin/sphp</code>
</p>

<p>
Once it is downloaded in your computer just make it executable:
</p>

<p>
<code>chmod +x /usr/local/bin/sphp</code>
</p>

<p>
Cool, now restart your terminal and try to switch between versions with
</p>

<p>
<code>sphp 7.4</code>
</p>
<pre class="code">Switching to php@7.4
Switching your shell
Unlinking /usr/local/Cellar/php@5.6/5.6.36… 0 symlinks removed
Unlinking /usr/local/Cellar/php@7.0/7.0.30… 0 symlinks removed
Unlinking /usr/local/Cellar/php@7.1/7.1.32_1… 0 symlinks removed
Unlinking /usr/local/Cellar/php@7.2/7.2.30_1… 0 symlinks removed
Unlinking /usr/local/Cellar/php@7.3/7.3.18… 25 symlinks removed
Unlinking /usr/local/Cellar/php/7.4.6… 0 symlinks removed
Linking /usr/local/Cellar/php/7.4.6… 24 symlinks created
You will need sudo power from now on</pre>

<p>
Test your php version:
</p>
<pre class="code">php --version

PHP 7.4.6 (cli) (built: May 14 2020 10:40:11) ( NTS )
Copyright (c) The PHP Group
Zend Engine v3.4.0, Copyright (c) Zend Technologies
    with Zend OPcache v7.4.6, Copyright (c), by Zend Technologies</pre>

<p>
I will be updating this article if I found some issues and some other troubleshooting tips.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Switch between PHP versions in Mac with Homebrew &amp; sphp&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;switch_between_php_versions_in_mac_with_homebrew_sphp&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-1772&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="troubleshooting">Troubleshooting</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
If the php version has not changed check first where does your php executable came from with, to work it should show something like this:
</p>
<pre class="code">which php
/usr/local/bin/php</pre>

<p>
Check your ~/.bash_profile to be sure there no other php version loading after sphp. If there is some PHP loading just comment it, and restart your Terminal.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Troubleshooting&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;troubleshooting&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:3,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1773-&quot;} -->