
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="how_to_remove_images_and_containers_in_docker">How to Remove Images and Containers in Docker</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;How to Remove Images and Containers in Docker&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;how_to_remove_images_and_containers_in_docker&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-62&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="docker_rmi">Docker rmi</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
docker rmi removes images by their ID.
</p>

<p>
To remove the image, you first need to list all the images to get the Image IDs, Image name and other details. By running simple command 
</p>
<pre class="code">docker images -a</pre>

<p>
 or 
</p>
<pre class="code">docker images</pre>

<p>
After that you make sure which image want to remove, to do that executing this simple command docker rmi &lt;your-image-id&gt;. Then you can confirm that image has been removed or not by list all the images and check.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Docker rmi&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;docker_rmi&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;63-539&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="remove_multiple_images">Remove multiple images</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
There is a way to remove more than one images at a time, when you want to remove multiple specific images. So to do that first get Image IDs simply by listing the images then execute simple followed command.
</p>
<pre class="code">docker rmi &lt;your-image-id&gt; &lt;your-image-id&gt; ...</pre>

<p>
Write Images IDs in the command followed by the spaces between them.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Remove multiple images&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;remove_multiple_images&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:2,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;540-915&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="remove_all_images_at_once">Remove all images at once</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
To remove all images there is a simple command to do that. 
</p>
<pre class="code">docker rmi $(docker images -q)</pre>

<p>
Here in the above command, there are two command the first which execute in the 
</p>
<pre class="code">$()</pre>

<p>
 is shell syntax and returns the results whatever executed in that syntax. So in this 
</p>
<pre class="code">-q- is a option is used to provide to return the unique IDs</pre>

<p>
$() returns the results of image IDs and then docker rmi removes all those images.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Remove all images at once&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;remove_all_images_at_once&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:3,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;916-&quot;} -->